When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

ANS:- This can be in the case when multiple people are working on the same project and on the same files.
This can be in the case that one person would be writing the backend code for accessing database and 
making changes to it and other person would be designing the UI for the same. This kind of work will
be more effficient if the files are remote on the server rather than on local systems.

why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

ANS:- First of all i think it better that Git stay up-to-date with remote repository.
Secondly why would we want to pull it manually, i want to see what caroline says about it.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

ANS:- 
	Forks: Forking means making the copy of the repository from GitHub to GitHub. That is
			we can copy any other repository which will be under someones profile available
			for sharing, into our own set of the repositories onto the GitHub itself. We can
			change it on our own to create our own version of the same. The changes which we
			have made to the forked repository will be available to the original repository 
			if we are added as the contributor on to the profile of the person from which we
			forking. We can copy the same to our local machine by using "pull" method.
	Clones: Cloning means copying the repositories from remote to our own local machines.
			Remote can be one of our own repositoy on GitHub or anyone's repository on somewhere
			else available for sharing.
	Branches: Branches refer to making the separate version of the repository from the existing
			one. That may be due to the need of performing some experimental changes to our existing
			or to have entirely diffrent subset of our repository.

	So when it is better to use one over the other depends on in what scenario we want to use the 
	repositories. That can be like forks for GitHub to GitHub, clones for Remote to local and
	branches for local to local.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

ANS: It can be beneficial in the way that confliction of the changes that is we 
	have introduces some changes in the code in a file on our local machine and someone else introduced 
	deffrent changes in the same file on the GitHub. So in this conflicting situation it is better to 
	store a local copy of the remote. So that we could take reference that exactly what changes have
	been made so far.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

ANS: Since GitHub is hosted on the web so it is much easier to collaborate with everyone when multiple
	people are working on the same project. Along with it we can make use of Git for various purposes
	like cloning repositories into our local machine and reflecting the specific changes over the GitHub
	and making suggestions about the previously commited files. So i don't think that the notion of using
	either Git or GitHub soulh come into picture rather than we should use it as the both to takethe most
	of it.